1.admins: List->
show only name,email, group name, status ( done )


2. admin: edit
active -> show in dropdown only, remove the checkbox thing, remove block,is store,make phone required, with validation(see validation in code), if no image show default avatar ( done )




3. manual notifications (there are two tables, you created the one which was not in old admin, plz let it be there and add notifications too) ( in mueeny the list is of manual_notifications not the notifications table )


4.rename all menus with post fix nova, and name others also same as old admin, and also the filds names on list, edit and add would be same as on old admin), also if you are using drop down for things like active, default, etc.. make it either checkbox or drop down in all application ( done )

5. memberships nova (this has default or not also , plz update, also match all the field names showing in old admin to show on nova 	e.g points->Points to achieve... etc)



6. memberships nova is user memberships and also need to add store memberships ( Already available in filters )

7. store manager ->
country and its data will come from locations. and also fileds not matching old admin , (some extra or missing) ( No Data for Locations in Prod DB Dump )


8. Generate points (rename fields with the same names as shown on old admin e.g Amount ->Amount of purchase ... etc)


9. settings, there is way to show json data in nova. see that to show data in proper format


10. service provider details ( rename to service provider) ->
show only fileds which are shown on old admin
on old there are 3 menus under service provider, we need to have them as a filter , by looking at the logic of them from backend
3 different screens have different actions, lets suppose in join requests  have drop down to accept or reject and so on its coming from backend(its based on permissions also), so we need them as actions here , also export excel( the action is added in api you just need to call the endpoint) 
pull data from development brach to see have excel export api end point
also if you go in details
need to add search relations also so that we can search user name also here (e.g i cannot search with phone .. etc), make sure all fields are searchable





11. advertisment banners and advertisments are not working

12. remove offers from the menu, they would come under orders as relations

13. remove un-nessesary menu items which are not in old admin

14.
